well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to uh talk about
what the state of georgia
a summer camp in georgia can teach
teachers specifically those who are
in areas where the districts have
decided to go about business as usual
we'll talk about what happens first
thing you need to know
is that at this camp quote all
counselors and
campers attending past all mandatory
screenings
the next thing you need to know is that
four days later
within four days out of the 597
residents who attended the camp
344 were tested and 260
were positive
the age group with the most positive
tests
was ten years old
says about three quarters showed
symptoms
that kind of dispels the notion
that children won't be impacted by this
now one of the things that i have
noticed
since we're talking about preparations
is that a lot of teachers
are getting their affairs in order
filling out wills and stuff like that
that's a good idea
it's a good idea you should do this
stuff anyway have it done ahead of time
but if i was a teacher i would suggest
you treat this like a combat deployment
in addition to your will you need to put
together an envelope
that is in the event of and inside you
need to have a list of all of your
passwords
specifically those related to your
banking
copies of any keys
storage sheds lock boxes anything like
that
that people may not have access to
all important documents copies of them
anything you need to say
have it all put together and have one
person
whom you trust designated to know where
it's at
um yeah treat it like a combat
deployment
and in that sense there was a time this
isn't an issue anymore
because people have learned there was a
time when it was the cool thing
to take your back plate out because
you're not going to run away
soldiers would remove their protective
equipment on the back
it never failed that it was that guy who
was looking the wrong way
when running a tee around a corner
and caught around in the back wear your
protective equipment
at all times doesn't matter how annoying
it is
doesn't matter how hot it makes you wear
it
don't become complacent
um i really feel for y'all
i really do now normally i don't do this
but i just
feel like i should in this case the
shirt that i'm wearing right now it's
not
one from our store
i'm going to put a link down below
because it has a lot of subtle detail
related to the topic at hand
if you're active in your community and
you have any sway over the school board
the school district
in your area now's the time to use it
it's not an experiment we know what's
going to happen
we don't need to reproduce the results
the guidelines that are there if they
are not followed to the letter
this is what's going to happen even
with the guidelines they're saying it's
moderate risk
the lowest risk is online
doing everything online that's the
lowest risk
that is per the cdc
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day